The official guide assumes intermediate level knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. If you are totally new to frontend development, it might not be the best idea to jump right into a framework as your first step - grasp the basics then come back! Prior experience with other frameworks helps, but is not required.
The easiest way to try out Vue.js is using the Hello World example. Feel free to open it in another tab and follow along as we go through some basic examples. 
The Installation page provides more options of installing Vue. Note: We do not recommend that beginners start with vue-cli, especially if you are not yet familiar with Node.js-based build tools.
If you prefer something more interactive, you can also check out this tutorial series on Scrimba, which gives you a mix of screencast and code playground that you can pause and play around with anytime.
We have already created our very first Vue app! This looks pretty similar to rendering a string template, but Vue has done a lot of work under the hood. The data and the DOM are now linked, and everything is now reactive. How do we know? Open your browser’s JavaScript console (right now, on this page) and set app.message to a different value. You should see the rendered example above update accordingly.
Note that we no longer have to interact with the HTML directly. A Vue app attaches itself to a single DOM element (#app in our case) then fully controls it. The HTML is our entry point, but everything else happens within the newly created Vue instance.
This example demonstrates that we can bind data to not only text and attributes, but also the structure of the DOM. Moreover, Vue also provides a powerful transition effect system that can automatically apply transition effects when elements are inserted/updated/removed by Vue.
You may have noticed that Vue components are very similar to Custom Elements, which are part of the Web Components Spec. That’s because Vue’s component syntax is loosely modeled after the spec. For example, Vue components implement the Slot API and the is special attribute.
One important thing to note is that separation of concerns is not equal to separation of file types. In modern UI development, we have found that instead of dividing the codebase into three huge layers that interweave with one another, it makes much more sense to divide them into loosely-coupled components and compose them. Inside a component, its template, logic and styles are inherently coupled, and collocating them actually makes the component more cohesive and maintainable.
Each rule begins with a name (which is the name defined by the rule) and ::=. A vertical bar (|) is used to separate alternatives; it is the least binding operator in this notation. A star (*) means zero or more repetitions of the preceding item; likewise, a plus (+) means one or more repetitions, and a phrase enclosed in square brackets ([ ]) means zero or one occurrences (in other words, the enclosed phrase is optional). The * and + operators bind as tightly as possible; parentheses are used for grouping. Literal strings are enclosed in quotes. White space is only meaningful to separate tokens. Rules are normally contained on a single line; rules with many alternatives may be formatted alternatively with each line after the first beginning with a vertical bar.
In lexical definitions (as the example above), two more conventions are used: Two literal characters separated by three dots mean a choice of any single character in the given (inclusive) range of ASCII characters. A phrase between angular brackets (<...>) gives an informal description of the symbol defined; e.g., this could be used to describe the notion of ‘control character’ if needed.
Even though the notation used is almost the same, there is a big difference between the meaning of lexical and syntactic definitions: a lexical definition operates on the individual characters of the input source, while a syntax definition operates on the stream of tokens generated by the lexical analysis. All uses of BNF in the next chapter (“Lexical Analysis”) are lexical definitions; uses in subsequent chapters are syntactic definitions.
Visual Studio uses projects to organize the code for an app, and solutions to organize your projects. A project contains all the options, configurations, and rules used to build your apps. It also manages the relationship between all the project's files and any external files. To create your app, first, you'll create a new project and solution.
You now have the tools to build and run your app after every change, to verify that the code still works as you expect. Later, we'll show you how to debug it if it doesn't.
Go to the Project menu and choose Add Class. In the Class Name edit box, enter Calculator. Choose OK. Two new files get added to your project. To save all your changed files at once, press Ctrl+Shift+S. It's a keyboard shortcut for File > Save All. There's also a toolbar button for Save All, an icon of two floppy disks, found beside the Save button. In general, it's good practice to do Save All frequently, so you don't miss any files when you save.
To complete this walkthrough, you must have installed either Visual Studio and the optional Desktop development with C++ workload, or the command-line Build Tools for Visual Studio.
Before you can build a C or C++ program on the command line, verify that the tools are installed, and you can access them from the command line. Visual C++ has complex requirements for the command-line environment to find the tools, headers, and libraries it uses. You can't use Visual C++ in a plain command prompt window without doing some preparation. Fortunately, Visual C++ installs shortcuts for you to launch a developer command prompt that has the environment set up for command line builds. Unfortunately, the names of the developer command prompt shortcuts and where they're located are different in almost every version of Visual C++ and on different versions of Windows. Your first walkthrough task is finding the right one to use.
A developer command prompt shortcut automatically sets the correct paths for the compiler and tools, and for any required headers and libraries. You must set these environment values yourself if you use a regular Command Prompt window. For more information, see Set the Path and Environment Variables for Command-Line Builds. We recommend you use a developer command prompt shortcut instead of building your own.
If you can't find the developer command prompt shortcut, or if you get an error message when you enter cl, then your Visual C++ installation may have a problem. Try reinstalling the Visual C++ component in Visual Studio, or reinstall the Microsoft Visual C++ Build Tools. Don't go on to the next section until the cl command works. For more information about installing and troubleshooting Visual C++, see Install Visual Studio.
The cl.exe compiler generates an .obj file that contains the compiled code, and then runs the linker to create an executable program named hello.exe. This name appears in the lines of output information that the compiler displays.
Continues our coverage of JavaScript's key fundamental features, turning our attention to commonly-encountered types of code blocks such as conditional statements, loops, functions, and events.
Discusses asynchronous JavaScript, why it is important, and how it can be used to effectively handle potential blocking operations such as fetching resources from a server.
PyTorch allows using multiple CPU threads during TorchScript model inference.One or more inference threads execute a model’s forward pass on the given inputs. Each inference thread invokes a JIT interpreter that executes the ops of a model inline, one by one. A model can utilize a fork TorchScript primitive to launch an asynchronous task. Forking several operations at once results in a task that is executed in parallel. PyTorch uses a single thread pool for the inter-op parallelism, this thread pool is shared by all inference tasks that are forked within the application process. In addition to the inter-op parallelism, PyTorch can also utilize multiple threads within the ops (intra-op parallelism). This can be useful in many cases, including element-wise ops on large tensors, convolutions, GEMMs, embedding lookups and others.  
If there’s a single input to an operation that requires gradient, its output will also require gradient. Conversely, only if all inputs don’t require gradient, the output also won’t require it. Backward computation is never performed in the subgraphs, where all Tensors didn’t require gradients. This is especially useful when you want to freeze part of your model, or you know in advance that you’re not going to use gradients w.r.t. some parameters. For example if you want to finetune a pretrained CNN, it’s enough to switch the requires_grad flags in the frozen base, and no intermediate buffers will be saved, until the computation gets to the last layer, where the affine transform will use weights that require gradient, and the output of the network will also require them.
























